Andrew Tieszen is currently a senior at Colorado State University Pueblo (CSUP), pursuing his Bachelor's degree in Engineering with a focus in mechatronics. He is also minoring in Computer Information Systems, informally focusing on computer programming and web development. Outside his classes, he holds a work-study position as a student team lead at the CSUP Innovation Lab, providing computer tutoring, technical project help, and 3D printing services to students. Before transferring to CSUP, he studied Pre-Engineering at Trinidad State Junior College (TSJC, now Trinidad State College) and worked as a help desk technician for the campus I.T. department. Prior to that, he studied for one year at the United States Air Force Academy, in the Electrical and Computer Engineering program.

Alongside his coursework, Andrew has served as on the robotics teams at both TSJC and CSUP, which both compete in the Colorado Space Grant Consortium's Robotics Challenge. TSJC consistently had one large robotics team, consisting of eight to twelve members each year, allowing for specialization and a fairly large project scope. Andrew worked as a programmer his first year and a lead programmer his second. His second year, he helped the team win an award for their new project, mapping and recording the location of any obstacles the rovers encountered. Andrew transferred to CSUP for his third year, working with a single partner as one of a few small teams. Although the project scope was reduced, his team still won an award for their new method of locomotion using 3D printed tank tracks.

Outside his work and studies, Andrew has a few other memberships and other hobbies. He is a small group leader for Chi Alpha Campus Ministries, and a member of the Club Climbing team at CSU Pueblo. He is also a member of New Heights Baptist Church and plays his trumpet there on Sundays. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

My name is Andrew Tieszen. I am currently a senior at CSU Pueblo, pursuing my Bachelor's degree in Engineering, with a focus in mechatronics, and a minor in Computer Information Systems, informally focused on computer programming. Outside of class, I am currently holding a work-study position at the CSUP Innovation Lab, which provides computer tutoring, project help, and 3D printing services to students. I am also involved with Chi Alpha Campus Ministries as a small group leader, and CSUP's Club Climbing Team as a normal member.

Outside these formal memberships, I participate in a number of hobbies. I am often working on small engineering projects for personal use, many of which appear on my portfolio . Similarly, a few of my game development projects are included at varying stages of completion. I also play my trumpet on Sundays at my local church. More recently, I have regained an interest in outdoor pursuits like camping and hiking, as I have been able to do so. I have also become interested in off-roading, although I have yet to go myself, through watching youtube channels like Matt's Offroad Recovery. 